Goal
Given an initial application which consumes a public Users API and displays them in a list, implement all the requirements detailed below.
 The main goal of this challenge is to improve the performance and add missing featuresto the existing application.


Requirements
The application should:
Show a list of users grouped by a specific category.
The grouping of the array of Users should be done via a Web Worker.
Criteria can be chosen: alphabetically, age, nationality, etc.
[Bonus Point] Add a button which switches the grouping between multiple categories.
Groups should look nice in the UI
CHECK BELOW: Idea of result (Don’t limit yourself to this idea, make it look awesome!).
Show 5000 Users on the page with good load and runtime performance without using pagination (even in mobile devices).
Improve components performance.
The page should load fast.
The page should be interactive fast.
No performance degradation when interacting with the page.
Optimize device resources usage: CPU, memory.
When clicking on a User from the list, the item should expand inside the same list with a cool animation and show extra information the API provides in a nice and clear way.
Feel free to choose the information you display.
Improve the overall UI/UX of the app until you are proud of it. The code provided already has some basic styles which are coming from our original awork app, but it still deserves some love.
Make it look awesome by, for example, adding a header for the list columns, an improved loading state, etc.
Here you can be creative about it, the sky is the limit!
Write a documentation on how you approached the problem and what the solution consists of.
[Bonus Point] Search users without using API.
[Bonus Point] Add pagination using the page size of 5000 items
The API documentation has the information on how to do this.


Deliverables:

Source Code: Use git and share a repository via GitHub with sebastianrosch, marcelotedeschi and santiagof4 .
Feature Documentation: A summary of the solution and argumentation for the decisions made. You can choose which format you use (PDF, Notion, Slack Message, etc.)
Readme: add a Readme with instructions on how to setup and run the application as well as any information you judge important for a Readme document.
[Bonus point]: Run the full application on a cloud solution for previewing live via a link